# Space for any ideas to follow up on and their research

## CBT Therapy
* Method of therapy where people are asked to reflect on previous experiences, could use this style of reflective question on the users, could enablee them to become more aware of when they are exercising these attributes and therefore will give more indepth reflections, as well as the questions themselves giving a better route to reflect
* CBT asks you to reflect on negative thought patterns, instead i could ask a user to reflect on both positive and negative experiences. Negative experiences would involve a user adapting and overcoming the situation
* *Cognitive restructuring and reframing*: CBT is about becoming aware of negative thought patterns that you didnt even know that you had and reframing them, similarly, graduate will not realise they are using their attributes and therefore will not evelop them. If we made graduates more aware of them and when they are using them then they will develop them more, in situations they will be better eqipped to understand the skills they are using to solve it. Reframe the situation to be more positive and reflective.
* *Guided Discovery*: In CBT the therapist will ask prodding questions to challenge your thoughts. They ask you to give evidence that would support what you are saying. I could translate this into my questions for the user. Always ask them to give evidence to support their devlopment.
* *Journalling and thought records* An important component of CBT is listing down thoughts and putting it into writing. This is a the fundamental concept of my app. The more someone puts down these thoughts into writing the better.
* *Activity Scheduling and behaviour activation* This relates to putting something that causes anxiety down in a calendar as it removed the decision making process about it and reducecs the anxiety, creating better habits. This can be done through the reminder system that could potentially be added to the app. The reminder system will make it more likely that a user will come back to reflect and create a habit. Can ask the user to set a time for every day at the same time. That can be their reflect time, make it a habit.
* *Role Playing* CBT will ask people to play out different scenarios, its used to improve problem solving skills, gaining confidence for unfamiliar situations, developing social skills, and improving communication. These are all useful graduate skills. Could have some situational prompts where a user could go through the things they would say and do in a situation. This could then be changed later after development and they could be asked the same scenarios and see if their answer for handling it had changed. 

* Goal setting - users could set up goals